he was once a little cream slap of clay
got me but you said see what got me
can't do today
gobby he can't walk into any book with
his pony pal pokey - if you've got a
heart that dummy's a part of you
dun dun dun dun I'm very proud of my
Gumby you are I am
his eyes are probably a little too big
oh yeah a little too big but that's okay
maybe she'll zoom in on Gibby's head
I made this in honor of my friend Kurt
Denton who lives by the Gumby principle
ok so Robert has improved upon my Gumby
tell me what you did but would you put
on Gumby what are those these are kind
of shoes red shoes they're red shoes
yeah
are they are they for are they like
beets are they for jumping in puddles Oh
Matt we quite get doing that are just
too much those are just shoes yeah okay
so they're just and then he looks a
little crazy crazy did you make did you
change his eye so it looks a little
crazy no no are you a little crazy
no he's crazy
it looks a little crazy doesn't he yeah
he does
okay Gumby now has hair yeah wait what
kind of here is that Robert red hair red
hair okay
ragging green here Gumby is red and
green how'd he get green hair huh No
I hurried this is a little big stuff
he's what a weldment he's mixed up
no no not in Manoa oh the red is mixed
up
Oh with the green